{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff1\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f159\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f160\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f162\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f163\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f164\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f165\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f166\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f168\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}
{\f169\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f170\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright 
\f1\fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\i\f1\fs32\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{
\s3\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\i\f1\fs28\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel3\adjustright \b\i\f1\ul\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 4;}{\s5\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel4\adjustright \i\f1\fs20\cgrid 
\sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 5;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar\adjustright \i\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Body Text;}{\s16\widctlpar\adjustright \b\i\f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text 2;}}{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid67698689\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid413281936}
{\list\listtemplateid67698689\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid973606691}
{\list\listtemplateid67698689\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid1698239188}
{\list\listtemplateid67698689\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid1743409224}
{\list\listtemplateid67698689\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid1888563805}
{\list\listtemplateid67698689\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid1946230907}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1888563805\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid1743409224\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid413281936\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid1946230907\listoverridecount0\ls4}
{\listoverride\listid973606691\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid1698239188\listoverridecount0\ls6}}{\info{\title IBM QuickPick Scheduler Help Notes}{\author Steve Westerholm}{\operator Steve Westerholm}{\creatim\yr1999\mo3\dy29\hr10\min56}
{\revtim\yr1999\mo3\dy30\hr8\min41}{\printim\yr1999\mo3\dy29\hr18\min27}{\version21}{\edmins380}{\nofpages7}{\nofwords2478}{\nofchars14125}{\*\company George P. Johnson Co.}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern89}}\margr3600 
\deftab432\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s1\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\i\f1\fs32\cgrid {\f0\fs36 IBM QuickPick Scheduler Help Notes
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\cgrid {\i\f0 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \i\f1\fs20\cgrid {\f0 
Welcome to the QuickPick Scheduler help system.  The following are developer notes and comments to help you.  This file will be periodically updated, as the need requires.  The update process will be incorporated with your .exe update.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\cgrid {\i\f0 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\cgrid {\f0\fs28 Login Screen
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \i\f1\fs20\cgrid {\f0 If you are a Lotus Notes user, you should see your Notes.name displayed beneath \ldblquote Welcome\'85\rdblquote 
.  If this is not displayed, and you are a Notes user, the Application is not able to find your Notes.ini file.  Contact IT to rectify this problem.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\cgrid {\i\f0 
\par }{\b\i\f0 The four IBM Client Regions}{\i\f0 
 are displayed.  Upon selection, the App executes an update query based on the Region Client Codes.  It only updates data changed in IGL or Baan (Triton), since the last IGL Update.  This value is stored in the QP_S
CHEDULER_USE table.  This query will capture cancelled Shows in Triton, as well as cancelled Kit Assignments in IGL.
\par 
\par If no User is currently logged into the chosen Region as \ldblquote Read/Write\rdblquote , all the Options (\ldblquote Read/Write\rdblquote , \ldblquote Read Only\rdblquote  and \ldblquote Exit\rdblquote ) should be enabled.
\par 
\par If there is a User logged in as \ldblquote Read/Write\rdblquote , you will be prompted of that Users name and the \ldblquote Read/Write\rdblquote  option will be disabled.  Also visible, will be a }{\b\i\f0 \ldblquote Check Lock\rdblquote  control button}
{\i\f0 .  This button carries a few concerns that warrant discussion.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20\cgrid \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\i\f0 T
he primary purpose of this control is to }{\b\i\f0 allow a User to \ldblquote Unlock\rdblquote  a \ldblquote Read/Write\rdblquote  permission}{\i\f0 
, after a system failure.  If a User is running the App, and a critical error occurs, the User will most likely be booted from the App.  When this occurs, the \ldblquote Read/Write\rdblquote 
 permission flag is not reset in the QP_SCHEDULER_USE table, and until that flag is reset, the App assumes the App is in use.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20\cgrid \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\i\f0 To remove a lock, select 
\ldblquote Check Lock.  Then, after reading  through the prompts on the exposed screen, highlight the appropriate User Lock and select \ldblquote Reset Row Lock\rdblquote .
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20\cgrid \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\b\i\f0 
Resetting a RowLock will result in a log entry}{\i\f0  stating the transaction.  It will also prompt an automated Email the current User, forewarning them of the change of status.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20\cgrid \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\b\i\f0 NOTE}{\i\f0 
:  It is very important that no more than one User has \ldblquote Read/Write\rdblquote  permission.  Multiple \ldblquote Read/Write\rdblquote  Users will very likely result in corrupt data.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20\cgrid \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\i\f0 
Once all the necessary rowlocks are removed, the screen will close and the \ldblquote Read/Write\rdblquote  option will enable.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20\cgrid \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\b\i\f0 NOTE}{\i\f0 
:  If a Lock is removed accidentally, you will probably receive a call from an angry User, when they\rquote re informed of their permission loss.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\i\f0 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \i\f1\fs20\cgrid {\f0 Select }{\b\f0 \ldblquote Read/Write\rdblquote }{\f0  or }{\b\f0 \ldblquote Read Only\rdblquote }{\f0  to enter the App.  Select }{\b\f0 \ldblquote Exit\rdblquote }{\f0  to close the App.

\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\cgrid {\i\f0 
\par }{\b\i\f0 NOTE}{\i\f0 :  }{\b\i\f0 If you enter the App as \ldblquote Read Only\rdblquote ,}{\i\f0  all the App\rquote s functionality will still exist, with the exception of the \ldblquote Save Qtr\rdblquote  and \ldblquote Assign\'85\rdblquote 
 controls, which will be disabled.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\cgrid {\f0\fs28 Year and Quarter Controls
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \i\f1\fs20\cgrid {\f0 The default value for the \ldblquote Year\rdblquote  control will be the current calendar year.  This can be confusing, because much of GPJ\rquote s scheduling is based on ShowYear.  
\ldblquote ShowYear\rdblquote  is an autoshow-based year of May1 through April 30.  May 1, 1999 is actually \ldblquote ShowYear\rdblquote  2000.  IGL is ShowYear-based.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\cgrid {\i\f0 
\par }{\b\i\f0 NOTE}{\i\f0 :  At all times, the ShowYear value is retained in QPS.  It is stored, and maintained, in the background.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f0 To reset year to be viewed}{\i\f0 , select control.  Pick Quarter and Year from pull-down menu, then select \ldblquote OK\rdblquote  to regenerate the view.  \ldblquote Cancel\rdblquote , closes the menu with no change.  
\par 
\par The default value for the active \ldblquote Quarter\rdblquote  control is the current Quarter.  The font of the active \ldblquote Quarter\rdblquote  will appear bold.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f0 Selection of one of the four \ldblquote Quarter\rdblquote  controls}{\i\f0  will result in a data regeneration displaying the chosen Quarter, for the year shown on the \ldblquote Year\rdblquote  control.
\par 
\par Data regeneration will always reset the view mode to \ldblquote View by Show Name\rdblquote .
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\i\f1\fs28\cgrid {\f0 Kit and Element Pools
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \i\f1\fs20\cgrid {\f0 As default, the Kit Pool is populated with the Clients default Kit.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20\cgrid \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard\plain \fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls2\adjustright \f1\fs20\cgrid {\b\i\f0 
IBM NA Region is inventory of Client Code J815}{\i\f0  (George P. Johnson Co. NA)
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20\cgrid \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls2\adjustright {\b\i\f0 
IBM LA Region is inventory of Client Code J816}{\i\f0  (George P. Johnson Co. LA)
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20\cgrid \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls2\adjustright {\b\i\f0 
IBM EMEA Region is inventory of Client Code J817}{\i\f0  (George P. Johnson Co EMEA)
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20\cgrid \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls2\adjustright {\b\i\f0 
IBM AP Region is inventory of Client Code J818}{\i\f0  (George P. Johnson Co. AP)
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\i\f0 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \i\f1\fs20\cgrid {\b\f0 The Four stacked controls at the far right of the Kit Pool}{\f0  allow the User to toggle between the four regional inventories available to IBM.  The default will be highlighted initially.

\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\cgrid {\i\f0 
\par }{\b\i\f0 To view a Kits Elements}{\i\f0 , right-click the desired Kit and an Element Pool will populate.  Mouseover the Elements to view their descriptions.  Click on the \ldblquote Element Pool\rdblquote  frame to return to the \ldblquote Kit Pool
\rdblquote  view.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f0 NOTE}{\i\f0 :  Refer to the \ldblquote Show Schedule Interface\rdblquote  section to review Kit and Element assignment restrictions, as well as a description of the \ldblquote Drag & Drop\rdblquote  assignment procedure.
\par 
\par A future release will allow }{\b\i\f0 the creation of \ldblquote Temporary Kits\rdblquote }{\i\f0  for the purpose of forecasting Kit requirements.  These Temporary or \ldblquote Dummy\rdblquote 
 Kits will appear in the Kit Pool with a contrasting background color.  More will follow on this capability.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f0 NOTE}{\i\f0 :  Currently, }{\b\i\f0 Kit quantities are restricted}{\i\f0  to no more than 96 Kits for a single Client Code, and quantity of }{\b\i\f0 Elements in a single Kit is restricted}{\i\f0 
 to 72.  Hopefully, we can maintain these limits.  Smaller Kits a more easily scheduled.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\i\f1\fs28\cgrid {\f0 Show Schedule Interface
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\cgrid {\f0\ul The Show List
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\cgrid {\b\i\f0 The Show selection for the quarterly view}{\i\f0 
 is actually based on a 16-week period.  It displays all Shows, whose show-open date falls between these dates: Beginning two Sundays prior to the first day of the Quarter through the next sixteen weeks.  The to
tal number in this 16-week period is reflected in the lower left hand corner of the screen.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f0 The \ldblquote View by Show Name\rdblquote  and the \ldblquote View by Location\rdblquote  options}{\i\f0  allow the User to toggle between a Listing by Show Name and a Listing by the City.  The view by City is 
helpful for pre-planning routing, which will be done in IGL.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f0 To view Specific Show information}{\i\f0 , click on the Show Name label.  This will display a message box with pertinent data stored in the database.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f0 Mousing over the list of Shows}{\i\f0  displays the Client associated.  There are times when Shows appear multiple times.  This occurs when multiple Clients appear in the same Show.  Mousing over will display different Clients.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s4\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel3\adjustright \b\i\f1\ul\cgrid {\f0 The Gantt DateBlocks
\par }\pard\plain \s5\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel4\adjustright \i\f1\fs20\cgrid {\b\f0 The DateBlocks are color coded}{\f0  to reflect the origin of the data.  Refer to the popup Color Key for those descriptions.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\cgrid {\i\f0 
\par When a Show is initially input into Triton (Baan), there are many times that the Show dates are not confirmed.  At these times, the \ldblquote Tentative Dates\rdblquote  flag is tripped.  }{\b\i\f0 If a Show\rquote s dates are still tentative, a 
\ldblquote T\rdblquote  will appear to the left of the DateBlock.  NOTE:  }{\i\f0 Kits can be proposed for Shows with tentative date, but they cannot be assigned to IGL until the dates are flagged as \ldblquote confirmed\rdblquote .
\par 
\par For easier reference, }{\b\i\f0 when you mouseover a DateBlock}{\i\f0 , the Show name label will highlight.  Take note: The DateBlock must be enabled for this to occur.
\par 
\par To allow}{\b\i\f0  \ldblquote around-the-corner\rdblquote  Conflict Checking}{\i\f0 , only DateBlocks fully exposed in the view are enabled.  If a DateBlocks left edge is prior to the first date of the view or if it\rquote 
s right edge is later then the last day of the view, the DateBlock is disabled.  If you find any shows that meet both of these conditions, you\rquote ll need to assign them directly in IGL.  Typically, the Show will accessible from an adjacent Quarter.

\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s4\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel3\adjustright \b\i\f1\ul\cgrid {\f0 Drag & Drop Kit/Element Assignment
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\cgrid {\b\i\f0 Drag & Drop Assignment}{\i\f0  is done by clicking on a Kit in the Kit Pool, holding the mouse button down, and \ldblquote dragging\rdblquote 
 the Kit onto the DateBlock of the Show you wish to assign the Kit to.  There are a few restrictions to this type of assignment:
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20\cgrid \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li792\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls3\adjustright {\b\i\f0 
Only non-Conflicting Kits can be assigned to a Show.  }{\i\f0 If the Kit is proposed for a Show whose DateBlock falls within the date range of the current Show, you\rquote ll prompted of the conflict and denied.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20\cgrid \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li792\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx792{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls3\adjustright {\b\i\f0 
Only non-storage Kits can be assigned to a Show}{\i\f0 .  Kits like \ldblquote ACC\rdblquote , \ldblquote PK\rdblquote , \ldblquote GFX\rdblquote  and \ldblquote XXX\rdblquote  cannot be assigned, in full, to a Show.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20\cgrid \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li792\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx792{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls3\adjustright {\i\f0 
After right-clicking on a storage Kit and exposing it\rquote s Elements, you can }{\b\i\f0 drag & drop the Element onto a DateBlock}{\i\f0  for assignment.  Conflict Checking will not a
llow assignment if a conflict exists.  Only storage Kit Elements can be assigned in this manner.  To assign individual Elements from standard Kits use IGL.  The intention of QuickPick is Kit planning and forecasting.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20\cgrid \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li792\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx792{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls3\adjustright {\b\i\f0 
Once a Kit is assigned to a Show in IGL}{\i\f0 , you can no longer edit the proposal in QPS.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20\cgrid \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li792\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx792{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls3\adjustright {\b\i\f0 The DateBlock must be enabled}{
\i\f0  to Drag & Drop assign.  Refer to the section above on \ldblquote around-the-corner\rdblquote  Conflict Checking.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\b\i\f0 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \i\f1\fs20\cgrid {\f0 As a kit is assigned to a DateBlock, }{\b\f0 the Kit name is added to the caption}{\f0  on that DateBlock.  If the length of the text string exceeds the width of the DateBlock, a \ldblquote +
\rdblquote  is appended instead.  Note: This \ldblquote +\rdblquote  should not be confused with the \ldblquote Plus/Minus\rdblquote  status assigned in IGL.  This \ldblquote +\rdblquote  signifies that more than written is proposed.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\cgrid {\i\f0 
\par To compensate for the limited space on the DateBlock, }{\b\i\f0 a full list of the proposal is stored in the DateBlock\rquote s tooltip}{\i\f0 .  Mouseover the control to display the full proposal.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s4\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel3\adjustright \b\i\f1\ul\cgrid {\f0 DateBlock Right-click Functionality
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \i\f1\fs20\cgrid {\f0 A large part of the QuickPick Scheduler\rquote s functionality lies in its right-click options.  Learn to use these time-savers to make full use of this Application.
\par 
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote Copy Kit Proposal\rdblquote , Paste\'85\rdblquote  and \ldblquote Clear Paste Data\rdblquote }{\f0  are three options that allow the User to copy a Kit proposal from one show and paste it into another.  
\par 
\par To \ldblquote Copy\rdblquote , right-click on DateBlock, select \ldblquote Copy\rdblquote  and DateBlock caption will be added to \ldblquote Paste\'85\rdblquote  option on menu.  If a \ldblquote Paste\'85\rdblquote 
 already exists on the menu, it will be replaced (not added to).
\par 
\par To \ldblquote Clear Copy\rdblquote , right-click on DateBlock, select \ldblquote Clear Paste Data\rdblquote  and the stored proposal will be removed from the menu.
\par 
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote Copy Kit Proposal\rdblquote , Paste\'85\rdblquote  and \ldblquote Clear Paste Data\rdblquote }{\f0  have a few restrictions and capabilities:
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20\cgrid \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li792\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx792{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls6\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls6\adjustright {\f0 You can \ldblquote Copy
\rdblquote  the proposal of an IGL assignment, but }{\b\f0 you cannot \ldblquote Paste\'85\rdblquote  into an IGL-assigned DateBlock}{\f0 .
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20\cgrid \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li792\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx792{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls5\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls5\adjustright {\f0 You can }{\b\f0 only 
\ldblquote Paste\'85\rdblquote  a Kit proposal into an empty DateBlock}{\f0 .  If there is an existing Proposal, the \ldblquote Paste\'85\rdblquote  will be disabled.  In the future this could be modified.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20\cgrid \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li792\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx792{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls5\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls5\adjustright {\f0 The }{\b\f0 \ldblquote 
Paste\'85\rdblquote  is subject to Conflict Checking}{\f0 .  If a proposal of two kits is being pasted, and one conflicts, the entire paste will be rejected.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20\cgrid \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li792\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx792{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls5\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls5\adjustright {\f0 
Like the Windows standard, }{\b\f0 \ldblquote Paste\'85\rdblquote  is not cleared after depositing}{\f0 .  This is a benefit if you wish to multi-copy a proposal.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20\cgrid \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li792\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx792{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls5\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls5\adjustright {\b\f0 You cannot \ldblquote 
Copy\rdblquote  from or \ldblquote Paste\'85\rdblquote  into a disabled DateBlock}{\f0 .
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par \ldblquote }{\b\f0 Edit Kit Proposal\rdblquote  and \ldblquote Clear Proposal}{\f0 \rdblquote 
 provide a quick way to edit an existing QPS Proposal.  Both these options will be disabled if the DateBlock caption is derived from IGL or if the DateBlock is empty.
\par 
\par If the DateBlock meets the above listed stipulations, right-click and select \ldblquote Edit Kit Proposal\rdblquote  to launch a small Edit window listing the Kit proposal.  You may highlight Kits or Elements listed, then select \ldblquote Remove\'85
\rdblquote  and the selections will be erased.  The Windows standard for multi-selects applies.
\par 
\par While the \ldblquote Edit Kit Proposal\rdblquote  window is open, you may drag & drop Kits or Elements from the Pools into the Edit Window to assign to the Proposal.  All DateBlocks should be disabled while the edit window is open.
\par 
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote Available Kits\rdblquote }{\f0  is an easy way to select Kits for assignment.  Right-click the non-IGL assigned DateBlock, and select \ldblquote Available Kits\rdblquote 
 to display a list of all the non-conflicting Kits in the current Kit Pool.  Highlight all requested, select \ldblquote Add\'85\rdblquote  and the chosen will be added to the proposal (and removed from the list).
\par 
\par }{\b\f0 NOTE}{\f0 :  \ldblquote Available Kits\rdblquote  will be disabled if an Element Pool is exposed.
\par 
\par }{\b\f0 \ldblquote Available \ldblquote ???\rdblquote  Elements\rdblquote }{\f0  is an equally easy way to assign Miscellaneous Kit Elements to a DateBlock. The Kit noted on the menu will reflect the current E
lement Pool Kit.  Right-click the non-IGL assigned DateBlock, and select \ldblquote Available \ldblquote ???\rdblquote  Elements\rdblquote 
 to display a list of all the non-conflicting Elements in the current Element Pool.  Highlight all requested, select \ldblquote Add\'85\rdblquote  and the chosen will be added to the proposal (and removed from the list).
\par 
\par }{\b\f0 NOTE}{\f0 : \ldblquote Available \ldblquote ???\rdblquote  Elements\rdblquote  will not be enabled unless the Element Pool of a storage-type Kit is exposed.  To obtain a list of the available \ldblquote Partner Kiosks\rdblquote : Right-click the 
\ldblquote PK\rdblquote  kit in the Kit Pool to expose it\rquote s Element List, then right-click on the valid DateBlock and select \ldblquote Available \lquote PK\rquote  Elements\rdblquote .
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\i\f1\fs28\cgrid {\f0 \ldblquote Reset Client\rdblquote  Control
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\cgrid {\b\i\f0 Selection of the \ldblquote Reset Client\rdblquote  control}{\i\f0  will return the user back to an interface similar to the original Login screen.  Most of the 
options are the same.  Additionally, you are offered a control that when double-clicked will return you to the App, retaining your previous options.  Once a new Group is chosen, this option goes away.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\i\f1\fs28\cgrid {\f0 The \ldblquote View Pool\rdblquote  and \ldblquote !\rdblquote  Controls
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \i\f1\fs20\cgrid {\f0 The \ldblquote View Pool\rdblquote  is your means of }{\b\f0 viewing an individual Kits proposed Schedule}{\f0 
.  After dragging & dropping a Kit (or Element from the Kit or Element Pool) into the blue container, a Quarterly view based on the selected Kit will generate.  By toggling to the \ldblquote View by Location\rdblquote  
option you can see the formation of a preliminary routing schedule (useful for determining Kit assignments).
\par 
\par The adjacent }{\b\f0 \ldblquote !\rdblquote  control}{\f0  will reset the view to \ldblquote All Kits\rdblquote  (the default value).  \ldblquote !\rdblquote  will not be enabled unless a specific view has been requested.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f0\fs28 \ldblquote IGL Update\rdblquote  Control
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\cgrid {\b\i\f0 \ldblquote IGL Update\rdblquote  is essentially a refresh button}{\i\f0 .  If another User should enter IGL and add or modify an assignment while you\rquote re in QPS, QPS won\rquote 
t recognize the change until the \ldblquote IGL Update\rdblquote  button is selected, or the Client is reset. 
 Either of these two will prompt a regeneration of data for the current Client.  This same regeneration occurs when you close the App and re-enter it.  So, there is no need to select this control as you enter the Application.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\i\f1\fs28\cgrid {\f0 \ldblquote Kit Uses\rdblquote  Control
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\cgrid {\i\f0 Selection of the \ldblquote Kit Uses\rdblquote  control }{\b\i\f0 assembles a list of all the Kits and storage-Kit Elements that have been, or are being proposed to be, used}{\i\f0 
 by the current Client Region.  The List is broken down into \ldblquote IGL\rdblquote  and \ldblquote Proposed\rdblquote  (QPS) quantities, as well as a total of both.
\par 
\par The }{\b\i\f0 hierarchy of the List is based on Kit Reference numbers}{\i\f0  (which are maintained in the Inventory App), separating the Kits from the Elements.  The List is sometimes confusing to read if different Client\rquote 
s Kits are used.  (i.e.: IBM NA\rquote s \ldblquote A1\rdblquote  kit has a reference number of 1, but so does IBM EMEA\rquote s \ldblquote EA1\rdblquote  kit (as well as Toyota\rquote s \ldblquote T1\rdblquote  Kit, etc.).)
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f0 NOTE}{\i\f0 :  The totals are an accumulation of all use to date, not just a quarterly sum.  Also, unsaved proposals in the current view are not included in the counts.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f0\fs28 \ldblquote Report\rdblquote  Control
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \i\f1\fs20\cgrid {\f0 Selection of the \ldblquote Report\rdblquote  control will result in the }{\b\f0 creation of an Excel spreadsheet}{\f0 
 printout of the Kit and Element assignments for the currently selected Quarter.  Upon selecting, a session of Excel is launched in the background
.  The data is accumulated from the database, written to the spreadsheet, and then formatted.  Once completed, the App will send focus to Excel so the User can view the document.  
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\cgrid {\i\f0 
\par By default}{\b\i\f0 , the document is created in landscape format on legal size paper}{\i\f0 
.  The first six columns repeat on each printed page, as do the top two header rows.  If the user wishes to, they may manually hide non-filled columns prior the printing (to reduce report size).  If a report format is edited in Excel, it won\rquote 
t effect future reports generated by QPS.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f0 NOTE}{\i\f0 :  Modifications to the report format can be integrated in future releases.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\i\f1\fs28\cgrid {\f0 \ldblquote Save Qtr\rdblquote  Control
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\cgrid {\i\f0 Selection of the \ldblquote Save Qtr\rdblquote  control, }{\b\i\f0 writes the current Quarter changes}{\i\f0  to the QPS-controlled table in ORACLE.  }{\i\f0\ul This does not write the data to IGL}
{\i\f0 , it retains control by QPS, and in subsequent regenerations the DateBlocks colors will reflect QPS ownership. (A Proposal vs. an Assignment.)
\par 
\par When a new Quarter view is selected, and data has changed, the User will be prompted to save changes.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f0 NOTE}{\i\f0 :  If a User is logged in as \ldblquote Read Only\rdblquote , the \ldblquote Save Qtr\rdblquote  control will be disabled.  Also, there will be no prompt to save at Quarter change.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\i\f1\fs28\cgrid {\f0 \ldblquote Assign\'85\rdblquote  Control
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \i\f1\fs20\cgrid {\b\f0 In order to write a Proposal to IGL}{\f0 , select the \ldblquote Assign\'85\rdblquote  control.  This will 
bring up a list of the current Quarter Shows that have saved Proposals that have not been written to IGL.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\cgrid {\i\f0 
\par }{\b\i\f0 IMPORTANT NOTE}{\i\f0 : The assignment menu ignores all Shows that contain tentative dates.  The Show open and close dates must be confirmed (and the \ldblquote tentative\rdblquote  flag reset) in Triton prior to allowing assignment to IGL.

\par 
\par To Assign Proposals to IGL, }{\b\i\f0 highlight the rows ready for assignment and select \ldblquote Assign Selections to IGL\rdblquote }{\i\f0 .  Be aware this is a complicated procedure, and fairly time consuming.
\par 
\par During the assignment process }{\b\i\f0 the User will be prompted whether a Floor Plan is required}{\i\f0  for the Show.  A response of \ldblquote Yes\rdblquote 
 will add this Show to the Floor Plan status list, and allow the Floor Plan Specialist to create a drawing.  A \ldblquote No\rdblquote  response will write a Floor Plan Status value of \ldblquote 0\rdblquote 
, not allowing a Floor Plan to be created.  Soon\'85 a request for a Floor Plan will automate an Email to the Specialist, triggering the process.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f0 NOTE}{\i\f0 :  If a User is logged in as \ldblquote Read Only\rdblquote , the \ldblquote Assign\'85\rdblquote  control will be disabled
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\i\f1\fs28\cgrid {\f0 \ldblquote HELP\rdblquote  Control
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \i\f1\fs20\cgrid {\f0 Selecting the \ldblquote Help\rdblquote  icon will send you to the Help interface.  This file is a scrollable .RTF file containing a limited number of notes describing the Developer\rquote 
s intentions.  Developer\rquote s intentions and User\rquote s expectations aren\rquote t necessarily the synonymous, so that\rquote s why these notes exist.  At least, the User will realize what it what supposed to do. 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\cgrid {\i\f0 
\par }{\b\i\f0 NOTE}{\i\f0 : There are actually two ways to print.  The User can highlight the area they wish to print, select \ldblquote Print Help\rdblquote , and only that area will print.  If no area is highlighted, \ldblquote Print Help\rdblquote 
 selection will send the entire document the default printer.
\par 
\par The printout is fairly generic in its format.  No further formatting is available at this time.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\widctlpar\adjustright \b\i\f1\cgrid {\f0 These Application Notes will be periodically edited and updated as the App evolves.  This is a new Application, and new Applications are prone to new input as the \ldblquote REAL\rdblquote 
 Users take control.  I am certain these notes will be a changin\rquote .
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\cgrid {\f0 
\par 
\par }}